#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-cors-headers
chardet==5.2.0
    # via reportlab
cssselect2==0.7.0
    # via svglib
django==5.0.9
    # via
    #   django-allauth
    #   django-classy-tags
    #   django-cms
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   django-entangled
    #   django-filer
    #   django-filter
    #   django-formtools
    #   django-parler
    #   django-polymorphic
    #   django-sekizai
    #   django-storages
    #   django-treebeard
    #   django-versatileimagefield
    #   django-viewflow
    #   djangocms-admin-style
    #   djangocms-alias
    #   djangocms-frontend
    #   djangocms-versioning
    #   djangorestframework
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   easy-thumbnails
django-allauth==64.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-classy-tags==4.1.0
    # via
    #   django-cms
    #   django-sekizai
django-cms==4.1.2
    # via
    #   djangocms-alias
    #   djangocms-attributes-field
    #   djangocms-frontend
    #   djangocms-picture
    #   djangocms-snippet
    #   djangocms-text-ckeditor
    #   djangocms-versioning
    #   djangocms-video
django-cors-headers==4.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-debug-toolbar==4.4.6
    # via -r requirements.in
django-entangled==0.5.4
    # via djangocms-frontend
django-filer==3.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   djangocms-frontend
    #   djangocms-picture
    #   djangocms-video
django-filter==24.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-viewflow
django-formtools==2.5.1
    # via django-cms
django-fsm==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   djangocms-versioning
django-material==1.12.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-parler==2.3
    # via djangocms-alias
django-polymorphic==3.1.0
    # via django-filer
django-sekizai==4.1.0
    # via django-cms
django-storages==1.14.4
    # via -r requirements.in
django-treebeard==4.7.1
    # via django-cms
django-versatileimagefield==3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-viewflow==2.2.7
    # via -r requirements.in
djangocms-admin-style==3.3.1
    # via django-cms
djangocms-alias==2.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
djangocms-attributes-field==3.0.0
    # via
    #   djangocms-frontend
    #   djangocms-picture
    #   djangocms-video
djangocms-frontend==1.3.3
    # via -r requirements.in
djangocms-picture==4.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
djangocms-snippet==3.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
djangocms-text-ckeditor==5.1.5
    # via -r requirements.in
djangocms-versioning==2.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
djangocms-video==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
djangorestframework==3.15.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
    #   drf-yasg
djangorestframework-simplejwt==5.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
drf-yasg==1.21.7
    # via -r requirements.in
easy-thumbnails[svg]==2.9
    # via
    #   django-filer
    #   djangocms-frontend
    #   djangocms-picture
html5lib==1.1
    # via djangocms-text-ckeditor
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   drf-yasg
lxml==5.3.0
    # via svglib
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   django-cms
    #   djangocms-text-ckeditor
    #   drf-yasg
pillow==10.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-versatileimagefield
    #   djangocms-text-ckeditor
    #   easy-thumbnails
    #   reportlab
psycopg2-binary==2.9.9
    # via -r requirements.in
pyjwt==2.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
python-magic==0.4.27
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-versatileimagefield
python-magic-bin==0.4.14
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2024.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   drf-yasg
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   drf-yasg
reportlab==4.2.2
    # via
    #   easy-thumbnails
    #   svglib
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   django-material
    #   html5lib
sqlparse==0.5.1
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-debug-toolbar
svglib==1.5.1
    # via easy-thumbnails
tinycss2==1.3.0
    # via
    #   cssselect2
    #   svglib
tzdata==2024.1
    # via django
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   drf-yasg
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   cssselect2
    #   html5lib
    #   tinycss2

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
